Use structs for AAD encoding (#372)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

~~~
enc, payload = SealBase(pk,
  "dap-02 input share" || 0x01 || server_role,
  input_share_aad, input_share)
~~~

where `pk` is the aggregator's public key; `server_role` is the Role of the
intended recipient (`0x02` for the leader and `0x03` for the helper),
`input_share` is the Aggregator's input share, and `input_share_aad` is an
encoded message of type `InputShareAAD`, constructed from the same values as
the corresponding fields in the report:

~~~
struct {
  TaskID task_id;
  ReportMetadata metadata;
  opaque public_share<0..2^32-1>;

> } InputShareAAD;

Reviewer: nit: if we follow he same camel case convention of types, this should be `InputShareAad`. Same applies to `AggregateShareAad`

~~~
enc, payload = SealBase(pk, "dap-02 aggregate share" || server_role || 0x00,
  agg_share_aad, agg_share)
~~~

where `pk` is the HPKE public key encoded by the collector's HPKE key,

> `server_role` is `0x02` for the leader and `0x03` for a helper, and
> `agg_share_aad` is constructed from the `task_id` and `batch_selector` fields
> of the `AggregateShareReq`, with the following format:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`server_role` is `0x02` for the leader and `0x03` for a helper, and
`agg_share_aad` is a value of type `AggregateShareAAD` with its values set from the corresponding fields of the `AggregateShareReq`.
```

~~~
struct {
  TaskID task_id;
  BatchSelector batch_selector;
} AggregateShareAAD;
~~~

The collector decrypts these aggregate shares using the opposite process.
Specifically, given an encrypted input share, denoted `enc_share`, for a given
batch selector, decryption works as follows:

~~~
agg_share = OpenBase(enc_share.enc, sk, "dap-02 aggregate share" ||
  server_role || 0x00, agg_share_aad, enc_share.payload)
~~~

where `sk` is the HPKE secret key, `server_role` is the role of the server that
sent the aggregate share (`0x02` for the leader and `0x03` for the helper), and
`agg_share_aad` is an `AggregateShareAAD` message constructed from the task ID
in the collect request and a batch selector. The value of the batch selector
used in `agg_share_aad` is computed by the Collector from its query and the

> response to its query:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
response to its query as follows:
```
